Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How things going
Angelo Sanchez: getting annoyed with everyone.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm just trying to get some of this stuff off my
Angelo Sanchez: Computer. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why are you getting annoyed with everybody.
Angelo Sanchez: And they just keep you like taking verbal shots at me and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: So,
Angelo Sanchez: I don't know. I'm just
Angelo Sanchez: You know, it's like intervene with my like doing good, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: That was trying to buy a pretty nice SUV and stuff. But, uh,
Angelo Sanchez: Saving me doing that. I got to worry about it, it seems, you know, other
Angelo Sanchez: financial obligations really need to be taken care of.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, how are you handling being stuck in the house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you handling being stuck in the house.
Angelo Sanchez: Not really liking it, they probably were stars on the streets. Anyway, so I guess it's not even that bad.
Angelo Sanchez: Her do what it could be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh. Okay, that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What, how have you been utilizing your time.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm watching like
Angelo Sanchez: Enemy and stuff. So me and my being my new being
Angelo Sanchez: He showed me a really cool website, you just watch any like anime or cartoon or whatever I want. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. How, how are you doing with taking care of yourself you're eating and sleeping. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Um,
Angelo Sanchez: Well, I went to sleep again this morning. I did. I shot real tired, you know, and actually this morning, early in the morning I woke up and started yelling at the neighbors, you know, for once,
Angelo Sanchez: Right, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: During the tables or whatever and
Angelo Sanchez: Everyone's like, we're like,
Angelo Sanchez: Starting to not really care. Yeah.
He
Angelo Sanchez: really cares anyway. It seems like. So I said, you know, to hell with to
Angelo Sanchez: Tell if at all, or whatever.
Angelo Sanchez: Sorry, I'm trying to get a box for my phone on
Angelo Sanchez: Is she probably do the appointment better thing.
Angelo Sanchez: Even try not to relapse. I could have actually done that but decided not to.
Angelo Sanchez: Far as like
Angelo Sanchez: Real relax or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What, tell me what you call a real relax.
Angelo Sanchez: Using some real job like no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, I'm a little bit more about it.
Angelo Sanchez: Like the heroin drug or than crystal methamphetamine drugs, you're mixing them both, whatever, and
Angelo Sanchez: Giving them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. You haven't and you chose not to. That's huge.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. I commend you for that. ANGELO.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you've been doing with your spirit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about your issue with your neighbor. What is that about
Angelo Sanchez: Oh, I just want you stupid Mexicans, you know, over to Mexican infested apartment complex
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, they don't care they they're just leaves us anyways figure figure in someone else's day you know is that loser like a winner.
Angelo Sanchez: You know, they'll feel good about themselves or something so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These are the ones that you said were harassing you.
Angelo Sanchez: Know be real honest, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: I guess I noticed my bank account when to the negative. So I'm gonna get a $35 fee for that, I'm sure.
Angelo Sanchez: I said, you know, Mexican people. How about I just, you know, scream at them at three in the morning or 115 in the morning and
Angelo Sanchez: yell at them few times, you know, or whatever.
Angelo Sanchez: You know, do it wrong and you do you now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What does one have to do with the other
Angelo Sanchez: Rule.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your neighbors versus your bank.
Angelo Sanchez: I don't know, I just felt like taking my anger out on them, you know, they really do with me.
Angelo Sanchez: I don't know. They think it's funny, you know, it's a Mexican lady and some Mexican guy. And it's funny, too. So
Angelo Sanchez: You know the Mexican they do is trying to kidnap my little brother's cat and torture it or whatever. So yeah, I verbalized if you do, you know, go ahead and kill your dog when you go walk it you know right and bringing you know
Angelo Sanchez: It's just some stupid Mexican person's dog. Anyway, probably thinks it's funny to you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hope not.
Angelo Sanchez: Finish the payment back. Anyways, I don't care. I'm almost to the point where I don't even care if I get convicted of a felony. You know, I just go and buy a real firearms off the street, you know, machine ones and stuff anyway for a lot less a lot less. We're not eating Class D weapons license.
Angelo Sanchez: And you know come with everything else bonus clips and everything on with it.
Angelo Sanchez: I don't really care.
Angelo Sanchez: You know, it's like, to the point where I'm not really caring anymore. People
Angelo Sanchez: Like that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, remember that not acting in that manner is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Caring about yourself. It's not about caring about other people. It's about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not wanting
Angelo Sanchez: Us. I mean, I can shoot myself or whatever.
Angelo Sanchez: Commit suicide by cop or whatever. Yeah, they're on it. Stand up for him, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I hope you don't and I hope you're not serious about that Solomon.
Angelo Sanchez: Recover see you get to you now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thinking about playing the tape forward. ANGELO with not responding or reacting to your to, you know, issues with your neighbor and being able to not be in trouble and not have any new criminal charges and nothing happening to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's really the direction that you want to go right. You don't want to go the direction
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Angelo Sanchez: Working on it. Yeah, there's just an idiot doctor in the mental hospital down hospital. She wanted to be the damn as she came out and said, oh, yeah, I'm going to put up that block for you to
Angelo Sanchez: Go through a bunch of hoops and stuff to go and be able to legally purchase a firearm where they give you a background.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Check and
Angelo Sanchez: It registered my name, but you Mexico.
Angelo Sanchez: Doesn't have any law that requires
Angelo Sanchez: A firearm to be registered to anybody. So I could just buy one off the street and whatever, you know, as long as no one got shot or killed with it. I could just, you know, be fine with it anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you and you're serious, you're serious about buying a gun up the street, you're serious.
Angelo Sanchez: Um, well, I mean, yeah, people want to f with me that bad, you know, I'm just going to get really tired of it and have, like, really, you know, I'm not going to randomly go off.
Angelo Sanchez: She whoever everybody. People want to like start problems. I already call the police on those Mexican people. He said, there's nothing I could do but maybe soon. So I'm going to get firearms and then maybe sue them and if they want to come see our problems. I'll shoot him, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that won't help you know you'll be the one that gets in trouble.
Angelo Sanchez: With a gun on me and you know tell the cops you questioned or get arrested or ever, and it'll come out in court, you know, that's how I would guess for people are so
Angelo Sanchez: I'll just, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Let them have it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really not what you want to do, right.
Angelo Sanchez: Um, well, I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just want to be
Angelo Sanchez: If they will bother me that bad or message me bad enough, I may just go out and you know something. I was like, No, I'm really tired of people and to take advantage. I'm tired of animals, trying to take advantage. I mean, trying to take advantage, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: I mean, I guess this is the place to talk about it, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Who do you have that is a support for you.
Angelo Sanchez: Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who do you have that support for you.
Know early
Angelo Sanchez: Myself, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anybody that you can any friends or family members that you can talk to when you're starting to struggle with your neighbors.
Angelo Sanchez: Ever I might have, like,
A friend.
Angelo Sanchez: Maybe
Angelo Sanchez: And then my little brother is kind of supportive to where he is. Want me to do drugs and so
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: And I say, that's all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Refresh my memory. How old is your brother.
Angelo Sanchez: I mean you help out. And so
Like
Angelo Sanchez: Help me get on the right direction.
Angelo Sanchez: If she first straight
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Angelo Sanchez: Safety you first. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And part of that is getting out of that with the way of thinking. You know what I mean. Instead of playing the tape forward on what you could do to your neighbor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because your frustration, maybe think about how you can distance yourself from them and not engage in, you know, the back and forth and us to keep yourself safe. It's not about them. It's about you.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, it's really not about them. They're just causing problems being annoying stuff trying to make it about them, or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you obviously you know you're making better choices as far as you're using and, you know, you think about that, that says Angelo that you care about what happens to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know what I mean, engaging with them in in the back and forth. And this doesn't do anything to escalate the problem and
Angelo Sanchez: Feeding adding fuel to the fire.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you don't want to do that.
Angelo Sanchez: You're going to life to look like the bad guy, you know, all the neighbors that kind of favorite me or whatever. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They gotta stop that stop engaging, don't let them push the button.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You better than
Angelo Sanchez: We were assured neighbors new favorite me now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's about keeping your side of the street clean and letting them, you know, do whatever they're going to do and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And the truth comes out.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just by keeping yourself safe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah. Well, I mean, I don't even know. I mean, is like really honestly I've been trying to legally go out my voluntary of fuel forum for purchasing firearms things to that doctor who's a
Angelo Sanchez: Grill doctor and
Angelo Sanchez: She even says she didn't like me. So she just causing problems, you know, so I mean if something does happen, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: He's going to be the one who gets in trouble with me because of it. I've seen unlike world's craziest to well this video's doctrines get shot at all the time. I think it was a doctor.
Angelo Sanchez: At the hospital that I've actually flipped out at, you know, hit the doctor, not a doctor really F de person that shouldn't have even been working in that profession, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Honestly, I entirely shattered the person knows and before that tried to break two chairs over his face or at every two and he still didn't want to go down. So I said, Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: You know, and
Angelo Sanchez: Next thing you know, I just thought real blood going out the exit door.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long ago was that
Angelo Sanchez: I'm probably right around when I turned 18
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So few years back.
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Listen, and
You go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is about you and keeping you safe keeping you server keeping you out of jail out of prison and from doing something that you wish to wouldn't have done, you know, I know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to assume that the last thing that you want is for your brother to be hurt because you know you did something that took you away from him, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: You guys really the only I'm really the only person yes and vice versa. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you gotta keep yourself safe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, yeah, there's going to be a honestly it was me again show coming up and audio and feel like wasting time on my voluntary it feel forums. I'm gonna have to go to another part of the state.
Angelo Sanchez: Just to go and do the fingerprint gesturing. I mean, it's possible but for certain requirements actually me to be able to pass it.
Angelo Sanchez: Main thing I'm worried about is being off drugs for two years or more straight been showing up on any medical records or anything.
Angelo Sanchez: I don't think I'll pass because that reason. So I'm not even going to furthermore pursue it and waste any more time or money I it so like I'm sober in having gone to the hospital for a good like
Angelo Sanchez: Two, three years, you know, two and a half years. Three years plus the least, you know, and then I'm going to go do that. He went on 30 and then I could go online and buy even the person I was going to buy
Angelo Sanchez: A firearm from said you know there so you can reverse this allows us to do is you can still get the same gun. If you are, you know, I was going to buy a brand new gun Napster staggered click and everything.
Angelo Sanchez: And all that, you know, and
Angelo Sanchez: He has a pretty upset I follow. Furthermore, pursue it. And you think I did it because my medical records.
Angelo Sanchez: Show that a probably still that I maybe been on drugs in the past two years, one point or another, like our drugs. Besides, like for any kind of drug use, honestly, and also it's another thing I can have my medical marijuana license and
Angelo Sanchez: Like, be able to have a firearm, you know, in my neighborhood every state that's another thing, Jewish, I have my medical marijuana license for lunch time.
Angelo Sanchez: Renewed or anything, you know, can't even enjoy it really anyway. Repeat people asked, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you going to do this. What are you going to do this week to keep yourself safe.
Angelo Sanchez: Midnight. I should start getting paid again.
Angelo Sanchez: Have big plans and high hopes to get a. These two are really, really the best micro SD cards out you know the biggest ones probably like most coolest ones will work with
Angelo Sanchez: Like my smartphone and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: And yeah, there's, it's a set of like you
Angelo Sanchez: To do terabyte make recipe cards. There's a sex see
Angelo Sanchez: Like you each as I are ones nuts like the best kind you know even better than just a regular two terabyte, one
Angelo Sanchez: Because I
Angelo Sanchez: Use it, you know, on my phone and stuff about that.
Angelo Sanchez: Use the EDM kind of music.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Angelo Sanchez: It's probably right.
Angelo Sanchez: You know, shine the most or whatever's at that particular type of music.
Angelo Sanchez: I'll even make it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome. That's something positive for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, it's cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your you're doing okay this week.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah. Besides, everyone's like, you know, complaining and power lifting it, you know, giving a bunch of lip service to me. Okay, I guess. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, good. And are you needing a refill. Do I need to let the doctor know that you were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You showed for your appointment today.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, yeah, I know that out, you know, I'm hoping I could get more than just two strips today because that's really not.
Angelo Sanchez: Enough like calling me down and you know
Angelo Sanchez: Even three strips today probably wouldn't be enough to really like bring me to a real calm state. But I mean, these strips today, at least, like how it should have been. To begin with, would have been nice. Now, that makes me feel like I feel like
Angelo Sanchez: Maybe go for relapse. But I don't even want to, you know, I was hoping the doctor work with me. Now, I don't really
Angelo Sanchez: Like the nested Dr Solomon's doc string or whatever methods.
Angelo Sanchez: That dogs actually listen to the patients.
Angelo Sanchez: You know, and then other ones that don't and ones that I think listen to the patients, saying, you know, patients will tell they've tried this or ever. It works for them. The doctor say okay, sure. I'm all for it.
Angelo Sanchez: The other doctors that are all
Angelo Sanchez: This your endeavor and not that
Angelo Sanchez: I don't think that's really good doctoring honestly because version would know. You know what works for them. And what does it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, remember to that you've got to work on coping skills as well, you know, part of that is that's what part of the year treatment is is to be able to you know practice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Different coping skills and not stay in that ahead frame that you know that you know when you by the time you turn 30 you're going to hurt somebody, but really pulling yourself back and saying, How can I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: The hope is for me not to get any felony convictions at all. Even to the point where I'm 30 so I could just buy stuff on the eBay of real guns and stuff like that, where I was going to buy the last one.
Angelo Sanchez: I was going to buy. Thankfully, everyone is cool and gave me a bunch of refunds works with me to enough to do that. No.
Angelo Sanchez: That was nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that was nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. I'm all right. I'm gonna let you go, I just texted the doctor and let him know that you were here that you came to
Angelo Sanchez: Do I think I was kind of late. I'm like 30 minutes I like throw asleep and woke up noticed is like no one
Knows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whether you're fine. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're right. You're good. Alright, no worries. You weren't late
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, we do me a favor and work on work on keeping your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your. What do you call them you're you're part of this stuff clean with your neighbors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, you're a
Angelo Sanchez: Bad guy.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, you don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't engage with them. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah. And then the other neighbors like get turned off to that.
Angelo Sanchez: one point or another. Before that, oh, we liking me and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: I know this morning was pretty messed up. Yeah, I was even in a bad mood.
Angelo Sanchez: Because I had a nightmare. But I know you want to go nightmare, but I was like heavy nightmare wreck actually feel pain and stuff is pretty messed up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, those are hard dreams.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I mean I was the first one ever like that.
Angelo Sanchez: With me actually nightmares and dreams play a big role on me in the real world to
Angelo Sanchez: Get naked really make me act out that and stuff. I have a bad enough, one is wake up and be like,
Angelo Sanchez: John shimmying and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, just remember that that doesn't get you anywhere. When you take it out other people
Angelo Sanchez: Trouble.
Angelo Sanchez: I don't use
Angelo Sanchez: Any trouble again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We want to keep you out of trouble. That's our goal.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, but like, I'm saying I do have high hopes already have a I hope there's to a micro SD cards. They're, they're better than just regular teach everybody micro SD cards they like
Angelo Sanchez: The you H S i or one or whatever that I stands for one
Day.
Angelo Sanchez: They're just a lot better. As far as like a like a
Angelo Sanchez: Transferring speeds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like right ever make.
Angelo Sanchez: Like twice as much and like regular sex or whatever.
Angelo Sanchez: Lee. It's like the third version.
Angelo Sanchez: Something like, then there's like the
Angelo Sanchez: Like the SD FC
Angelo Sanchez: Like s eh.
Angelo Sanchez: For the US it's like a big thing. But there's like you're seeing the eye in the one in the same things you
Angelo Sanchez: Mean, they have like ones. It's like two eyes or three eyes like ones to also those ones are like for like
Angelo Sanchez: Like different stuff, you know, it's like you might not even work with my phone. My phone is really new and stuff. I got to have the right kind of device to do that stuff. Any laptop to make my music, it could do it on my phone. I'm saving your
Angelo Sanchez: Money back out.
Angelo Sanchez: So I can hopefully just buy it without having to pay for it. You know, I'm in about five bucks on this one, that's just really Google Play Store goes you know it's a music making program, but for the version for my smartphone today us
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: And David went down $1 on it's like 1399 instead of like 1499 said 1599 so I could just stirring the rest. Maybe put on my phone, but
Angelo Sanchez: I don't know. I'm trying to get it like
Angelo Sanchez: With the my cash out
Angelo Sanchez: If I can, you know, it's kind of expired is one of the
Angelo Sanchez: It's one of those cash apps like the Google survey or whatever thing, but I have no cash apps. I'm a cash out 50 bucks on this one.
Angelo Sanchez: Pretty soon here like allows you to. I got a $5 amazon gift card headed my way already Southern one
Angelo Sanchez: Nice coins. Yeah. If there's any cash if me like 20 bucks and they kicked me off it, you probably if I was making too much money with it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They wanted to make too much on
Angelo Sanchez: They might not know what the exact reason was, why they said that there's suspicious activity, but
Angelo Sanchez: I think it's because I was making a lot of money with it.
Angelo Sanchez: Was
Angelo Sanchez: Stuff like coins or points or whatever that particular one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's not like you have control over it. So, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Other ones like me.
Angelo Sanchez: I even have screen ones that have these two that are likes swipe your screen ones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Angelo Sanchez: Like that, and you're like 10 cents a day for this one for disliking my screen once a day. Thank you watch videos on it every two videos is like worth is set.
Angelo Sanchez: Vs. You'd be like, five cent five seconds to like 29 to 30 seconds to maybe like a minute long almost
Angelo Sanchez: 59 seconds long.
Angelo Sanchez: I just let him play it adds up, you know, last time I cash Jen I got like four bucks for it.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah. Another one that other ones, the winner. I'm getting $5 amazon gift card or
Angelo Sanchez: Yes or no, that's not that one. It's another one. Yeah. The other screen when I'm about to get like a $5
Angelo Sanchez: Gift Card of some kind, like they're out of the PayPal amazon gift cards, but I'm gonna get like a burger king one
Angelo Sanchez: And I could just like give them the code for my Gmail and it sends it to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He
Angelo Sanchez: And then he like, you just throw in like five or six cents tax us like coupon probably like $5 coupon might get a pretty good thing for it.
Angelo Sanchez: Well, he's like,
Angelo Sanchez: Maybe five or six or seven cents to my own, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: That's cool personality coupons that's in a health lot too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's a lot better. Put your energies into that kind of stuff, that's for sure. If
Angelo Sanchez: I would you know would be
Angelo Sanchez: very profitable and stuff.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, waving.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The neighbors.
Angelo Sanchez: Like brand new like headphones and stuff like a little late.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This will
Angelo Sanchez: Be ones skull candy inked ones they got some black on black on black ones. Brand new.
There, cool. Nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep up the that's the kind of stuff that you should be focusing on.
Angelo Sanchez: You know, to focus more on that are so influenced me off, I'll go and do a survey good points.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you go.
Angelo Sanchez: make money off of it like a screen swiping ones.
Angelo Sanchez: They could, uh, let me do like watch videos and whatever mess. We do surveys to and other stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: Mm hmm. And like unit surveys messed up. I get like rewarded like under like 400 points and like every 30,000 points I could get like
Angelo Sanchez: Amazon gift card for $1 the album or something like that, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: The one that I'm getting the Burger King one probably on though they'll likely load them or put him like gift cards back on there, you know, and you run out. Like there's limited amount sometimes uncertain ones.
Angelo Sanchez: Some of them, they always have the Amazon gift cards like whenever I get 10 cents a day. I know he's has them it's a
Angelo Sanchez: Once I get it 100 points or 100 cents worth a cash out for that or I can cash out an odd number of it.
Angelo Sanchez: Dom a cash out like $1 67
Angelo Sanchez: Send it straight to Amazon.
Angelo Sanchez: Amazon gift card.
Angelo Sanchez: On account balances. Don't ever expired, once you have them on there so
Angelo Sanchez: Once I do that, it's like safe guarding it throws have it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: I even started my voluntary a kill forum for my firearm like Jabba my name.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, let me pay with Amazon gift card account balance, you know, and I did.
Angelo Sanchez: Even emailed me like the other night. So you need to finish completing it but
Angelo Sanchez: You just have to say, you know, other things came up and I cited. I need to take care of other priorities Farish
Angelo Sanchez: And surf anyway.
Angelo Sanchez: I don't want to get kicked off or whatever. So I'll just wait another two years, probably from now, you know, so I be maybe two years and a half for now at least
Angelo Sanchez: And then it'll be safer for me to
Angelo Sanchez: Have a gun in my name and stuff. I mean, I could just go to a gun show and get one. Anyway, I'm not convicted felon.
Angelo Sanchez: So, I mean, I don't know if I am I going to
Angelo Sanchez: Anyways, on to get like an agenda switch like a crystal PS4 controller. I like the newest ps4 bundle from that Friday.
Angelo Sanchez: Last year on humans like three games.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Angelo Sanchez: One was on a desk and the other two were
Angelo Sanchez: Like, like on a car and I just like enter them into their
Angelo Sanchez: Bundles does after today.
Angelo Sanchez: The two games that are on the cards like
Angelo Sanchez: You're not going to be able to redeem them after April 1 on any of them, like in the world, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Angelo Sanchez: I already got the games on mine. I was invited. Other one Sheva back a PS4. But I got to get a switch.
Angelo Sanchez: I think this is my luck ups worse. So it's probably going to be the one I end up keeping you know
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, it's like preferred version. Anyway, it's the newest firmware and all that built into it and stuff to
Angelo Sanchez: Like in between hardware and software so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, good, good. See, there's a there's positive stuff that you have going on that you can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I know that.
Angelo Sanchez: Gene stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. So that's what you're going to be working on this week is staying out of my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Way from lunch. Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, work on me cash apps. So it does. I'm just going to probably do a survey and focus my energy on that.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, or
Angelo Sanchez: I'm probably going to want to take off and go on to the river and stuff and you like sporting activities. You know, I like
Angelo Sanchez: I like Airsoft and their stuff this little, my friend, Bobby. I like the CO2 pistol, um, that I got from cash and my little brother owed me. And so thinking about buying another one.
Angelo Sanchez: I have my friend watching it right now because I didn't want to do something dumb. You know, it's like too loud one though it like it's too loud. You know, like MCS those CO2 in like one foot
Angelo Sanchez: Is fully automatic and stuff. So it's pretty neat on a good another one community or it could be semi automatic you
Angelo Sanchez: Don't want to get in trouble. Every BB gun or anything else you'd be
Angelo Sanchez: Shooting shoot someone with then they'll get hurt, and maybe try can she use real good already know, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
I like that.
Angelo Sanchez: It's true. You know, I know everyone's
Angelo Sanchez: Told me. Yeah, you gotta be careful with them looking happen you know and all that stuff. So
Angelo Sanchez: I do
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: It's just like shooting river and stuff. I mean, I get BB guns to
Angelo Sanchez: Shoot faster than real guidance, you know, and break the sound barrier and stuff like that you felt good engineer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's definitely a better way to shoot for.
Angelo Sanchez: It's just
Angelo Sanchez: Wellness you know after shooting people with third ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Angelo Sanchez: Good to be, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: No, no, you know, since my friends watching it. If I have it. I'm just going to use it to go like, right next to the Rio Grande rivers like to go and
Angelo Sanchez: Go, go, like, either side of it, the stop sign it out. I got my cash Nevada debt no usually bit in depth, like two years, but I know you need to go and I did though so
Angelo Sanchez: Good like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting paid again.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, it's a lot less stressful. And if I do get a $35 fee. It's not a big deal. I'm starting a little brother's gonna give me like 90 bucks for babysitting his cat and taking care of it. Keep it safe.
Angelo Sanchez: So that it like stay in my room and go on my bed. It's like little houses in my walk in closet and stuff like food bowls and stuff.
Angelo Sanchez: So just, you know, to help out my little brother and so
Angelo Sanchez: That's good home. So even $35 fee. That's like only a third of what I ate for just babysitting.
Angelo Sanchez: Spec cat here. You came by yesterday and verified the man of his word.
Angelo Sanchez: So he's gonna
Angelo Sanchez: Do that Amy many candidates are getting paid.
Angelo Sanchez: Like just dis ease got everything to be out or you get ticketed 200 bucks, because of the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Various yeah
Angelo Sanchez: So I just say today, I talked about, even though you're not free.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm like, those are, read, read, or tacos. It's like one for you, one for customer. I like to go and they do that.
Angelo Sanchez: Relax, you go, but
Angelo Sanchez: I don't think I'm going to make it today. Probably, but it's $500 by
Yeah.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah. So I told him.
Angelo Sanchez: I'm
Angelo Sanchez: Sorry, I kept you waiting them, saying, I have a plan and stuff.
Like a
Angelo Sanchez: Micro SD card seeming to be like $5 off buying like a regular when without the you H S i are one, you know,
Doing
Angelo Sanchez: stuff with it. And so yeah, so it'll be like it'll be like a five bucks. Instead, like paying 90 BUCKS FOR TWO OF THEM regular without it you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, sure. Bite ones.
Angelo Sanchez: So according to that. And my question, son, like some a gold beazer ever like there. Oh, cool, like you shoot him into the ground and need to stay spinning real fast, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Like a sheet like stick into stuff a lot better and
Angelo Sanchez: Stuff. I need some other ones, but I didn't like that much money at it now.
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, I just want to get the gold one. There's one more like lightweight. Those are the ones that are usually more expensive. Anyway, the paper or the performance ballistic Galloway one stuff.
Mm hmm.
Angelo Sanchez: So, okay, maybe deep down in toasty down range where, you know,
Angelo Sanchez: Anyway, the other ones are coated copper faded like lead ones.
Angelo Sanchez: We can make la sparks that night and stuff kind of BB guns. A is we can have
Angelo Sanchez: That is all my rifle one correct one you cash. I thought so they just get another one. You know, another America, it's not
Angelo Sanchez: Yeah, wouldn't be hard for me to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Angelo Sanchez: Work on my housing a fight my inspection. Right. Yeah. ASIA. ASIA my housing a
Angelo Sanchez: manual inspection and then my recertification I should be good for another year. Good. And I'll let you guys go i know i probably kept you here another 20 and 15 minutes. I'm not sure, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's okay, I get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm glad that you had a man
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So next week.
Angelo Sanchez: I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Listen, I'll see you in group and next week when we meet, you're going to tell me how you did with your plan in place. Okay.
You keeping yourself safe.
Angelo Sanchez: Right.
Angelo Sanchez: Do this, you know, this on do unless you have to do the scoop on those special micro SD cards even come with adapters. Both of them are all brand new that you go unless you have like a switch or something.
Angelo Sanchez: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll be interested to hear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will see you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you next week.
I guess.
Angelo Sanchez: Okay, I'll see you again on Tuesday next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, I'll see in group to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anytime. Remember
Angelo Sanchez: You for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you in group on Friday. Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: All right.
Okay.
Angelo Sanchez: Okay, see you later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay behave
Angelo Sanchez: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You too. Bye.
Lauren Kelly: Hi Rebecca, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm okay, how are you
Lauren Kelly: I'm good. I heard you weren't feeling low
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, my sign. It says, I've been messing up so bad because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Allergies the wind.
Lauren Kelly: I'm so sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
I'm good.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's been happening and we
Lauren Kelly: Have really nothing to eventful just working on. So I think I told you had that huge storage unit from like when I was homeless. I had to move all of my stuff into the storage unit and
Lauren Kelly: It's like a bit like a $300 it has like my bed, my dresser is like every single thing I own in it. So, and it's back
Lauren Kelly: Like 45 minutes away from where I am now. So it's just been like going there getting a load bringing it here unload it, you know, so it's literally been like my like 10 hour a day job every day. That's like what I've been working on every day so
Lauren Kelly: That's just been my big focus. So yeah, it's, it's been kind of an eventful just getting stuff done, but it's been kind of fun because I'm finding like pictures of my dad who passed, you know, not that long ago and
Lauren Kelly: I'm, you know, I've been finding really cool stuff. So it's not like you know I forgot I had. And, you know, things like that. So that's been kind of fun, but um yeah really kind of boring, not, not too much. Sure.
Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, no, no crisis is nothing like that.
Lauren Kelly: I had just a couple little things where my catastrophic thinking spiraling kind of started, but I was able to stop myself, you know, like for example.
Lauren Kelly: So like things have been not great with like Paul in his ex wife, you know, she's, she's really mad about everything and
Lauren Kelly: So when he goes to try to see the kids usually she'll kind of start yelling at him and he'll be back here pretty quickly.
Lauren Kelly: But like last week he had gone over there and he ended up staying for like six hours and like I didn't hear from him, or six hours so
Lauren Kelly: I start spiraling in my head, and of course my head's like is he even coming home tonight. You know, like, you know, and I'm smiling and smiling and him not contacting me didn't help.
Lauren Kelly: But I mean, he was with this kid and he hadn't gotten quality time with them, which I'm aware of, like, he had kept trying to
Lauren Kelly: Go over there and within like a half hour if you back of house because it was strong, and you know, like that's not helpful to the kids. So, you know, so
Lauren Kelly: So, you know, I didn't want to be mad that like this one day I guess she had just gone upstairs to like her rooms. We got to spend time with the kids like on his own. So he wanted to like, you know, stay as long as he could, which I totally support.
Lauren Kelly: But I kind of caught myself in that, like, you know, it brought me down like I was kind of expecting back in a couple hours. So it's all excited for him to be back. And then as the hours away. I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: You know, he got my brain kind of started spiraling and it's like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. So by the time he got home, I was just kind of like sad and whatever, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And it wasn't anything you know either wrong or anything, but I told him like next time that happens like you need to contact me, you know, get them like better about setting boundaries so I'm like, you know, it's fine that you're there for that long.
Lauren Kelly: But you need to contact me. So I don't spiral, you know, and he's like, you know, you're totally right. I totally get that
Lauren Kelly: And the other thing I told him is like here I'm moving all my stuff in.
Lauren Kelly: And when we originally came back or he said he would have all this stuff here with them like 48 hours and
Lauren Kelly: He's only brought like one bag of food since then. So I told him like, Look, I'm not moving in here by myself. I don't want it to feel like a hotel where you have a few bags here. You know what I mean, like, I need
Lauren Kelly: All of your shit hit like that's important to me. I'm bringing all of my shaker. I need all of your shift here to, you know, and he's like, I totally get that like I will absolutely do that. So,
Lauren Kelly: I'm thinking to speak is going to be doing that. So again, like those are things I wouldn't have said before, you know, I wouldn't
Lauren Kelly: Like stood up for myself, like, no, you need to do this, you know, so, um, so, yeah. Instead of me. Just like spiraling and like, you know, thinking, what does it mean, or whatever. I just say, Hey, this is what I need you to do, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: So he hasn't been back there since we had that conversation, but
Lauren Kelly: You know, I'm pretty sure I mean I told him I don't want to nag you. I want to know. This is important to you. This is literally the last time I'm going to bring this up to you. I need to see that it's important to you. So
Lauren Kelly: You know, we'll, we'll see what happens there, but I'm I'm confident that it
Lauren Kelly: Will do that and and he told me, like, I like that you're telling me this, you know, I'm going to that every knows that I'm not gonna you know I'm human. I'm not going to be perfect but you know when you tell me in a healthy way.
Lauren Kelly: I don't, I'm not screaming. I'm not yelling at I'm not crying. It's just, hey, I need this from, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And he's, you know, there haven't been you know any issues. So I mean, like that's like the biggest thing that's happened and it wasn't even a big deal. You know, so, um, yeah. Other than that, I feel like I'm better at
Lauren Kelly: Kind of catching myself before I get to that point. And I'm not packing bags and running out the door. You know what I mean there any
Lauren Kelly: Man, so that's growth to me. But the one thing that I thought would maybe be important to discuss with you today that I've noticed
Lauren Kelly: Is kind of an issue. This was a big issue for me in the beginning. And I think it kind of took a backseat while I was focusing on other things. But it's kind of something I've started dealing with again is
Lauren Kelly: That to like the guilt in this self forgiveness. Kind of stuff that's really hard for me, like so. An example is
Lauren Kelly: I think it was like Saturday or Sunday Paul and I were home because, you know, we're on lockdown. So it's like all of us here all day.
Lauren Kelly: Which we were reading an article that like divorces up right now in the country because like people can't see me with their significant other. And we're like, we're loving it. So it's like
Lauren Kelly: You know,
Lauren Kelly: It's awesome, or the opposite end of that spectrum, but I would we were watching this reality show. And there was this girl who had gotten hotline to her boyfriend and she was it's this show 90 day fiance. Have you ever heard him in
Lauren Kelly: So there's this Russian girl who's dating this American man and she told him she wasn't data and any other Americans.
Lauren Kelly: And then one of her friends kind of brought up in Russia, when he met her friends. Does he know you were talking to another American and and so he got really mad and and she's like, well, he only has my Instagram and he was like the dudes, like, well, that's funny.
Lauren Kelly: I saw like an American talking in English pop up on your WhatsApp up app or whatever her and she was like, oh,
Lauren Kelly: Well, like totally lied. And so I just kind of made that comment is that what it was like when I used to lie to you but you know like was I like that bad of a liar. Was I like
Lauren Kelly: Whatever and and it just kind of, and he would. And he was like, you know, I don't want to talk about it or something and I kind of see like
Lauren Kelly: You know, if we didn't get into that I could kind of see like, that hurt. And as I'm like, thinking of that sort of thing. And it was my bad. I brought it. I was one who brought it up.
Lauren Kelly: But it just seemed like the hurt, and his eyes. I just like started crying and I like had to go in the other room for like
Lauren Kelly: A half hour and I was just like crying. And then he had to come, give me like baby for past it were rapacity you know like when we decided to come back here.
Lauren Kelly: You know, we decided to forgive each other for all of that and like you have to learn how to stop doing this to yourself because I'm like
Lauren Kelly: I'm not beating me up. I'm beating you know and I might I need to I get. It's not like a, you know,
Lauren Kelly: One size fits all. Oh, this is what you do step ABC and you'll forgive yourself.
Lauren Kelly: I get that, but like, I'm just so I guess certain things will happen. And I realized like, I'm so far away from like being anywhere near that. And I just still carry so much Phil and it's nothing. He's doing you know it's not. He's not
Lauren Kelly: bringing it up. I brought it up. He's not, you know, beating up with anything he's helping to like pull me out of that, but I need to get to a point where like
Lauren Kelly: We can have conversations where I'm not just like oh my god, I'm a piece of shit. I don't deserve anything good. You know what I mean. And that's what I do to myself so
Lauren Kelly: There's that. And then I asked him before we got on the call. Is there anything that you think I should talk to her back about. And he said, you know, he said.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, I'm going to talk to her about the guilt and self forget to send us like I think that's really important because I hate seeing you do that to yourself, because I don't deserve that. And then he he thought it was important. I bring up
Lauren Kelly: That he thinks I have unrealistic expectations of where I should be, and he thinks that they put way too much pressure on myself and like click the other day, I
Lauren Kelly: Was I didn't know this, but I was about to start my period so Sunday, I kind of woke up like really kind of gloomy old and I couldn't put my finger on what it was. Come to find out like Monday morning, I start my period. I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: That's, that's what that was but I felt all of this pressure because again I have all these boxes. I need to go through
Lauren Kelly: And I kind of kept trying to push myself to do that, but I just felt so like
Lauren Kelly: crappy like I just want to lay down or something. But, and he's like, why don't you and I'm like, because I feel like I was a piece of shit that later bound and just watch TV.
Lauren Kelly: And nap. And it's a while I was a drug addict. I don't feel like I have room for one day of that I have to be productive every day. I don't deserve to do that. And he's like, dude, everybody gets like needs and that'll help everybody needs a day to just like
Lauren Kelly: Watch TV and not like you're putting way too much pressure on yourself, you've accomplished so much in 90 days.
Lauren Kelly: Like if you're allowed to have a day. And I'm like, No, but I'm not. I did that for so many years. I'm not allowed to have a day where I don't
Lauren Kelly: Accomplish, so much so that that was something he thought like I'm putting like way too much pressure on myself like I should be so much further along when like
Lauren Kelly: If he thinks I'm doing great. And, you know, not, not, like, oh, don't care, don't you know put those things as a priority, but like, I'm just pushing it too much, you know, and I'm
Lauren Kelly: Honest, I mean like unrealistic expectations, like I should be so much further along, and I'm not realizing, like what I have done and what you know a great job. I have done, how far I have all I think of is like what I haven't done and how much further, I still have to go in
Lauren Kelly: Yeah. And those are things like I guess I had thought I had kind of come further along. But I realized like, I saw a lot of work to do there. So that was something so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about your catastrophic thinking when it comes to Paul. You also have that same thought process around yourself.
Lauren Kelly: Yes, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you know that you've been beating yourself up since you were a kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, and so that pattern has been built. So now you've got to turn around and the same exact thing that you're doing with your relationship with Paul, you have to do to do with yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to tell yourself. You know what I do deserve a day. I do deserve to relax for a little bit. I do not feel good self care is the number one most vital important thing in recovering early recovery. Number one, and it's one thing that we fall short on in early recovery.
Lauren Kelly: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and
Lauren Kelly: I ain't nothing for so long. I don't. I feel like I don't have a date for that yet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that's unrealistic. It is unrealistic expectations, even people that you know work, five days a week have a full time job get two days off.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. So, you know, when you put it in that perspective.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get two days off to you don't always have to be doing something big and make up. There's no making up that times gone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah. This is about living a life that's healthy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: clutter free of all the junk of the past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And realizing that. All right. Maybe back in the in your using days you were unproductive. Now you've been sober 90 days and accomplish more in 90 days, then you have and how many years. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Combined, like, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is huge. You've got to give yourself those credits. And so when you don't feel like giving yourself those credits.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You, you really have to keep doing it. Even if you don't feel like it. It's like when you got to go to work, even if you don't feel like it. You got to get up and go to work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you got to have that same thought process when it comes to this stuff to, you know, you don't have to complete a big huge storage unit in one day or one week. It's going to be there waiting for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. It's not going anywhere. Yeah, right. You've done so much in the past 90 days you deserve a break when you don't feel good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You deserve a Sunday laying around with your partner watching movies and just sharing intimate time together because that's how we build relationships with our partner and with ourselves, right, it's
Lauren Kelly: Like I hear the words, you're saying, and they make
Lauren Kelly: Sense, but when I tried to internalize it. My head says
Lauren Kelly: No, like right. I'm like, as you're saying that I'm listening and like she makes sense. And I have like, but no, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah. And I don't I don't get
Lauren Kelly: How I make that grow because as soon as I I think that's great. And it makes sense for anyone else but then when I tried to like internalize that, to me, it's like, oh, but not you. You don't deserve you know in it. I don't know what that is, that just won't allow me to like Phil. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you think about how long you've been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pretty much beating up yourself and everyone around you has been beating you up, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At 10 years old you were told you were, you know, the problem of the family that has ingrained in your head. It's going to take practice and practice and practice changing. Just that alone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you don't tell the child that you just don't because that really kind of set off this whole pattern of, you know, self doubt of low self esteem, self worth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of those things that really put built was the foundation that really kind of built all that negativity. You've got to unpack that negative for the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Little bit out of time. Born a little bit out of time, you're doing an awesome job you're setting boundaries and your relationship. You know what I mean, you're, you're expressing your needs in a healthy way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you're staying sober you're showing up your suiting up you're doing all of these good things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to combat those thoughts with. Why don't I deserve them. Yeah, if I, if the past had nothing to do with it. If you didn't have a doorway to the past, why wouldn't you deserve a day of rest.
Lauren Kelly: But those my next thought is that those things are there. The things are there. And that is my past, and that is what I'm trying to make up for. So I again.
Lauren Kelly: totally makes sense. But for a second. I tried to apply it to me. But then there is the past, and I can't ignore it and I still feel like a piece of shit for it. And I don't know, like it.
Lauren Kelly: And, you know, Paul says he's forgiven me yet. You know, I feel that he has him like his actions but
Lauren Kelly: It's just the way he treats me and the way you know when I start beating myself up. He reminds me of everything I've accomplished and he's really great at building me back up and everything. When I get, you know, in that
State of mind.
Lauren Kelly: But it's me and and i just i just i honestly feel like all you never get like I feel like that's the one thing I'll never be able to do is say, like, I'm a good person and I deserve good things, and I forgive myself like I just don't
Lauren Kelly: It fills unattainable, it doesn't it doesn't feel like like the dishonesty thing that being overwhelmed thing like those things. I felt myself accomplishing things and progressing and I just, I, I just feel like I'm not progressing in the guilt and the
Lauren Kelly: Just not being able to forgive myself or feeling like worthy of things. And no matter how hard I try again. Like I'm listening to the things you're saying, and they all make sense. But the second I'm like internalized
Lauren Kelly: There's just his voice screaming in my head, but not for, you know, you're, you're a different story. You're the worst person in the world and you were willing to
Lauren Kelly: Her and manipulate the people who love most and you don't say anything. You know, like, and I
Lauren Kelly: I just wish like I could make it at least like a baby step of progress in that. And I just, I feel like I have so many other aspects of my life but
Lauren Kelly: I kind of just push that one down and push that one down, and then something like you know that conversation the other day comes up and then I'm just, it's just right there and I can't keep my emotions in tech and I just
Lauren Kelly: Am in this deep dark hole, you know, and then I'm going over everything that I ever did in my head and everything hurtful I ever did, and
Lauren Kelly: You know, and you know it's like it's like, you know, with the Nico thing like I finally made a decision to just pull the trigger, like on that's done with because
Lauren Kelly: What I realized is he was okay with being my friend when even when I explained to him that I was a drug addict that I had lied to him that I had manipulated him.
Lauren Kelly: It wasn't until I really do that hard line of like a romantic connection is never going to happen that all of a sudden he doesn't want to be my friend.
Lauren Kelly: So it's like I said almost accepted and respected more and saying, wow. You lied to me you manipulate me. I don't want you in my life like that I could have respected more that he was okay with that.
Lauren Kelly: The only thing he can't isn't okay with is that, like, you know, I don't need him the way I needed it before and that he can't control me in any way. And like
Lauren Kelly: get what he wants out of me and that I can't respect, you know, like, oh, because I can't force myself to
Lauren Kelly: Have a romantic connection with you. You can't. You don't want me in your life like that's a shitty person you know they need like
Lauren Kelly: That and I finally realized like, I couldn't have respected you not wanting to be my friend because of the lies and manipulation.
Lauren Kelly: But just because I can't be romantic with you in a camp or set and you know I'm in a serious relationship. But again, like I didn't want to wait to have you on the positive because in his mind. He would think, Okay, well then a polygon she'll want me like I needed to
Lauren Kelly: You know when I explain it to them. It has nothing to do a call it has. I mean, obviously has something to do with your secondary relationship but like more 99.999% of it is that I
Lauren Kelly: Don't look at you that way. And I never well and I'm sorry for that. But, and then that's where
Lauren Kelly: Can be disrespectful and just blowing me off and just doing all this stuff, all of a sudden started. So to me, I can't respect that, you know, so
Lauren Kelly: So like but but then like my next thought will be
Lauren Kelly: You know, but you mean you should trust tip you. Maybe you should try a little harder because you did hurt him and all that, but like I actually have become okay with the fact that, like, no, that's a friend and I don't
Lauren Kelly: You know, like, then that is not conducive with my recovery. He literally he wanted a minute, but he wants me to be a meeting.
Lauren Kelly: And it never dawned on me that when I got clean, there would be people who wouldn't be happy about it, you know, and I mean like if my close friends.
Lauren Kelly: People who I thought really cared about me getting my life together and
Lauren Kelly: Being like an honest reliable dependable friend. I thought that would be something that would be like, welcome. You know, I knew it would be hurtful to explain to people like
Lauren Kelly: The hurtful things I did, but I thought at least when they saw me you know accomplishing things in anybody else I've talked to is oh great, Lauren. This is
Lauren Kelly: Awesome only have it cannot be happy for one accomplishing and I gave it actually seems like angry when I talk about things I've accomplished on my own.
Lauren Kelly: With Dan and and it's like, that's just
Lauren Kelly: That I just can't respect that I like he would literally want me to force myself to be like physical with him and that would make him happy. And because I can't do that is like a few and. Okay, cool. Goodbye, you know,
Lauren Kelly: But then there's still that voice in my head. That's like well you did her him, and you did do all that, but
Lauren Kelly: You know, so it's like even it almost is to the point of me feeling like I should let people treat you like shit because I deserve that. Because I did that to them for so long. And I don't know how to like tell myself like no you don't deserve that, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I can tell you that actions speak louder than words. And even though you don't believe the words that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Should be going through your head the actions that you're taking shows that you're learning. You're learning that you're important
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That your voice does matter that you as a human need to be respected. Your friend is, you know, he acts as a predator. Yeah. And that is an unhealthy relationship you for you to be in you know people like that do thrive on people needing them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and you know they have one ulterior motive in you know one motive inside their head and no matter what eventually at the end of the line. You know what I mean. His plan was to you know get with you one way or the other. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if it was out of
Lauren Kelly: Desperation yeah because
Lauren Kelly: Once a week. Lauren to for like for that to ever. I mean, it never was a consideration in my head, but I he, I think he thought the weaker. She is the better my chances are, you know what I mean. So, this
Lauren Kelly: For you sees me getting in the morning he sees me accomplishing. It's like, oh shit this is this is going the other way, you know. Yeah, and
Lauren Kelly: And there was a just for today that I read a little while ago and it was talking about how
Lauren Kelly: They've been self sufficient and how meetings are, you know, self supporting and self sufficient. And it's like, you know, when we were
Lauren Kelly: addictive. You were okay with like, you know, using people and meeting things and kind of
Lauren Kelly: Trying to get something for nothing, all the time and that sort of thing. And that once we start like paying our own way.
Lauren Kelly: We can eat whatever we want. We can live wherever we want we can drive whatever we want. We can hang out with whoever we want because we're, we're in the driver's seat. We're taking control of that you know and and
Lauren Kelly: It's just so you're saying it never dawned on me that people wouldn't be happy about me.
Lauren Kelly: I never thought people would be mad that I got my shit together. You know, like, or that I mean I can't quite say got my ship, but that I'm getting my shit together, you know, and so I mean that just blows my mind, but I'm
Lauren Kelly: 100% like the biggest point that I realized is like he was okay with the legs and
Lauren Kelly: Manipulation.
Lauren Kelly: But he's not okay with me getting my life together and actually having control of my life ruins, you know and and i mean he won't say it, but it's true. If you would rather you just relax and be an addict and then half the column every day because hey, I need help with dog food.
Lauren Kelly: And then I have to hang out with him for a couple hours because he helped me
Lauren Kelly: Hey, I need some help with some groceries and then he gets to come over and just like hang out and linger forever. You know what I mean. And then in his life.
Lauren Kelly: Oh, she's hanging out with me. That must mean there's a chance or something, even the ones in 100%. No, but now that I have control of that.
Lauren Kelly: And that I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you got to remember that when you start making changes in your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For the better the toxic and unhealthy people that you had in your life. They won't stay. Yeah, because you know toxic breeds toxic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They love misery. They want you right there with them. Their goal is to, you know, you be back in that miserable Miserable spot with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And when you're setting boundaries with toxic people. This is the kind of behavior that you get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get these behaviors.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want you healthy
Lauren Kelly: I had like a handful of girlfriends that I thought were my closest girlfriends. Just because I either saw them or spoke to them on a daily basis.
Lauren Kelly: They usually had to do with paid you have any pills AG or I can get pills you know them, helping me get those me helping them get
Lauren Kelly: And as I've gotten clean. Guess who never calls me anymore. You know, and I mean, guess who wants nothing to do with because who, like, you know, has no need for my friendship anymore and
Lauren Kelly: And those are friendships. I'm not sad about losing because what am I really losing here I'm losing someone who's going to manipulate me if I to me.
Lauren Kelly: You know, just this completely one sided friendship like obviously when I was on drugs. I convinced myself. These people are friends, but I mean it was within
Lauren Kelly: One or two that I realized it didn't even take like a month it was immediately but I realized
Lauren Kelly: Those people that have no need for me anymore and and they would get a couple times. I wouldn't talk to them, they would make comments like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Cool. You know, how are you doing with the Suboxone or whatever. And I think, you know, great. It's changed my life. Like, you should really look into it like I have this awesome therapist and
Lauren Kelly: I love my doctors and you know this is, I mean, I don't even think like I never thought
Lauren Kelly: I would get that thing out of my head, where the first thing I woke up in the morning, all I thought about was darcos like I thought, even if I got thing that would always be my head.
Lauren Kelly: That's not even in my head anymore. You know, there's days I get till 10 o'clock at night and I realized I haven't even taken my soapbox and yet you know and I mean because it's not
Lauren Kelly: Like I don't have the payment. I don't think about until I tell them, like, think of having control of your life back. Like, think of how valuable that is in
Lauren Kelly: And their comment will be like it's almost like
Lauren Kelly: They're angry that I'm doing well with it and then it's like, well, you know, if, like, if you did mess up like you know I wouldn't judge you, and it'd be okay. So it's almost like nerd instead of encouraging. Wow, that's great. You're doing so well.
Lauren Kelly: Like going forward. It's like will you know if you do take 20 million says sec. I'll be here for you, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Something there'll be here for
Lauren Kelly: The setback, but not for like the comeback you know really what you know. So it was really easy for me to say like, I'm not losing any value here, you know, like these are people care about me. These are people want to watch myself. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, so those those friendships have been like an easy like cool. I'm good. You know what I mean, wash my hands for that, but it's it's the self stuff and I'm happy. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: The hardest time with and
Lauren Kelly: I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: What to do that, but I think you're right. Like, you know, a you made this comment.
Lauren Kelly: It was, you know, over a month ago, I was like, wow, and it will be. We're having a conversation about my guilt and all that. And you were seeing like
Lauren Kelly: The fact that I show it to group the fact that, like I got my teeth pics that I was doing like that my eyebrows, like all those different little things like
Lauren Kelly: It, whether I want to admit it or not, like, if I didn't love myself and I thought I was just a piece of crap and whatever. Like I wouldn't be doing those steps, you know, so maybe my subconscious like feels better about myself and my conscious mind does, but
Lauren Kelly: When I think about like how I feel about myself, it's just they're ugly cops. You know, I didn't mean there.
Lauren Kelly: And I mean, I can't remember a time in my life that I've ever felt a good thought about myself that I ever thought like
Lauren Kelly: I was a good friend. I never thought I was a good girlfriend that I ever thought was a good daughter or sister or you know that i don't know i just think
Lauren Kelly: Just really ugly. It's whenever I enter so I try not to think anything about myself and just kind of focus on the task at hand that day or, you know, things I need to do. But that something will happen that just reminds me
Lauren Kelly: Of the mistakes in my past. And I just, I just fall apart. And I can't pull myself out of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So a piece of this, you know, is that's part of what the work you know part of working the steps is for two is being able to clear your closet.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being able to own your past behaviors and learning to forgive yourself. Yeah, and it is a process. It's not something that happens. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're in a relationship with somebody and you're hurt. It takes time to to forgive to build forgiveness. Right. It's something that you have to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every day to saying, Oh, that is in the past. I don't have to think about that right now. It's over and apologize. You know, you go through that that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: monologue in your head when it comes to forgiving somebody else, you have to do the same thing with forgiving yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you've been dealing with this for so many years, you know, so many years that it is a learned behavior, a learned thought process. And so, step by step, with every thought that you're not worthy that you deserve to be treated badly. You have to combat that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to, you have to change that inside your head.
Lauren Kelly: And how do I do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One thought at a time. Just like staying sober one day at a time. Sometimes one minute at a time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, seriously, it's the same with your thought process. And here's a little trick that I learned to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was hurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are things that she didn't get when she was a little girl when she was that age.
Lauren Kelly: There's a lot. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so really, when you are finding yourself in a emotionally stressed state and it's about those things are directly connected to that little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to give yourself permission to go back and to give that little girl what she needs whether it be a hug, whether it be consoling and let her know that the things that she were taught was taught was not right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's about really meditating, but sitting in that space and connecting with her and saying, you know, I'm here. You know, I've learned a lot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love you. You're perfect. There's nothing wrong with you and you have to go back and tell that little girl that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those things that she that she needs to hear that she needed to hear that she needed to feel loved, she needed to know that she wasn't the family's demise into heaven. She needs to know that she is okay and secure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Lauren Kelly: It does. I have a really hard time with
Lauren Kelly: With meditating, because when I tried to do. I've always been this like million awesome minute person. So whenever I try to do it on my projects to go to like I try, I try, I try for a few minutes and then all of a sudden, I'm planning dinner tonight and I'm going over the list of
Lauren Kelly: With laundry load needs to be done and you know when I just I've literally I've tried a bunch of times and I've never been six within five minutes I'm, I'm just on to what needs to get done and I, I have a really hard time doing that so
Lauren Kelly: Um, I don't know if it's just like, I need to practice more what I need to do, but um yeah i mean i mean it does make sense because Yeah, lots of times. Like you feel like that.
Lauren Kelly: Vulnerable little girl like you said, um, you know, comes out in me a lot, and I find myself doing insane things because of like
Lauren Kelly: The lessons or the lack thereof, that, you know, I was taught you know at that time of like being
Lauren Kelly: Worthless and being on you know the problem in the field and everybody would be so much, you know, I was like suicidal at 12 years. You know what I mean like I
Lauren Kelly: I attempted multiple times in like, you know, like 12 like for a little kid. So want to try to kill themselves. You know what I mean like it you know
Lauren Kelly: And that blows my mind now and I think about it because like I i haven't attempted, you know, since I was like, well, you know, and to know
Lauren Kelly: That I was in such a dark place of, like, there'll be so much better. That was the message. I mean, I, it wasn't the message I got, I was told that they were so much better off without me and like
Lauren Kelly: That you know I made them look bad at church if it was just my mom, my dad, and my perfect brother, you know, they would be perfect but I make them look bad. I you know ruin the family name. I'm the reason they're not going to get into heaven. So, you know,
Lauren Kelly: The message is, you know, if you weren't here, we would be a lot happier and you'd be better.
Lauren Kelly: I like, I don't think that's ever left no matter how are you know and so then when I screw up something in my adult life like my relationship or friendship or just anything. It's like, I go back to that thought of, like everybody you know and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because everything you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it with every hurt it confirms what you were told, when you were a child.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it's like what, there it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly what you know exactly what I was told. This is exactly what they were talking about. I'm not worth it. What, you know, why am I even trying. And you go right into that negative headspace and stay there and there is your spiral down
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you get in that emotional state and you feel that stuff coming up really in your head. Visualize you as a little girl being told.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What she was told, and you walk up to her and you love her and you tell her it's lies don't believe anything that you're told you're a good person. You deserve to be loved, you're needed and you're wanted in this world and you have to repeatedly repetitively tell her that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because eventually you'll feel the calmness internally when you do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It makes it just makes a difference. And I'll tell you, I know that from my own experience.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so when you start getting down on yourself and saying, Yeah, but I did this wrong. You've got to combat that and say, Yeah, but I did this, right. You have to Lauren your perfect Lauren, you have to understand that that there's good in you. You're not a bad person.
Lauren Kelly: That lays girl, and he said told me it was like nothing good I ever did would matter because of all the bad you know
Lauren Kelly: I hear that every day.
Lauren Kelly: I had, you know, every, every time I screw up or think about the screw ups. I've done and like, yeah, I just like more than a day when I think about, like, I've heard all you know like I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's. Listen, there's a book that's called the child within
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what it's called. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When I went through this therapy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mine was a little baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Little baby that was thrown away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I had to literally sit there and go back and Iraq, the baby and love the baby and the more at first I thought this is stupid. Why am I do. Oh my god, you know, the more that I did it the better I FELT INSIDE about who I was becoming who I wanted to be. And what I had to offer this world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did I lose you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you there, Lauren, Miss Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze on me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Warren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I lost her soon as she comes back all push report again.
Lauren Kelly: I'm sorry, I just shut off out of nowhere. My whole tablet just turned off. I don't know. I tried after we got off the call. Last week I tried updating everything. And so I was hoping that wouldn't happen. I don't know what I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, I want to show. I want to show you something. See if I can give it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. You see what I'm saying.
Lauren Kelly: I'm yeah that yeah this TED talks in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so here's the book that I was talking about the child within
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Discovery and recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Discovering the child within
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is, this is what you do what you, what do you say to your inner child acknowledging the inner child means treating him or her with respect and love.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can do do so by saying when you are in there. When you're connected with your inner child. I love you, I hear you. I'm sorry. You feel this way. Thank you for being you all positive self soothing things that you can tell that little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then here look inner child work might take the form of dialogue and talking with your inner child journaling from your inner Child's voice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In other words, going back and thinking about what that little girl felt when she was being told these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And talking with the therapist from the inner child's perspective which you really have told me that things that you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You experienced and at what age and the spiral of it all. So, you know, you're doing that, meditating to feel in touch with your inner child, you can work with a pillow or a stuffed toy or you can do it just inside your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just by talking to her, you know, telling her you're okay. I know you're 10 the person that is supposed to be protecting you is the one that's telling you these and there lies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got to just start combating those
Thoughts
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, that there are different. This is the book, but there are different TED Talks TED Talks amazing if you ask me. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: I watch those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so look at there are several of them that you can go in and you can you can listen to and this one right here I think is a how to every four seconds. You know what I mean, they don't take very much time. They're not hours of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just a little bit of self you know affirmation for you that can help you on this in this process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wanted to point something out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right here. Here 15 self love tips you can try today discover how to love yourself and be confident. I don't know if this is surprised yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But okay, learning how to love yourself by saying no to others.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So by saying, you know, know Nico.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Obviously. You're not my friend and I don't need to end my life, our relationship isn't what I thought it was. You're actually putting love into yourself by doing that. Yeah, you're saying I matter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So even though you still have that internal dialogue that tells you you don't you're acting as if and behaving in a manner that is congruent with learning how to forgive and love and heal yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're all you're doing it. You're well on your way. You've got to know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there are different things that you can do that can help you in that process and you know Ted Talk is free. You can go in there and you know you can give your inner child permission to heal you know there are several ones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Psychology Today deep secrets in the inner child. See, there's three of them right here that I can point out
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see, and there are several more and it's about continually putting that positive affirmation in your head continually talking about it continually loving that little girl.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, because nobody did when I hated a oh
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so now you've got to go back and give her what she needs. And I'm telling you, you're going to feel so much better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So much better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just by going back and saying, Hey, you know, the people that that should have loved you and taking care of you and cherish do as a little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They didn't so much they did the best job they could do or what they thought they can do you can give them that credit, but the same sin.
Lauren Kelly: I don't know if I can give them that credit
Lauren Kelly: I think you know better than to to like
Lauren Kelly: Tell your child, they're worthless and to tell them to like jump out of a moving vehicle while you're driving 90 miles an hour, then to you know i think i think i think they knew better, I think. Yeah, I don't think I can say that they
Lauren Kelly: I think they knew what they were doing, at least to some degree. There's no way they thought that that was, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, and there's a piece of it that says that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I hear is that she you know your mom was probably agree had things of our own that she hadn't dealt with and here's Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, this little girl and she took the blood. END OF THE THINGS THAT YOUR MOM WENT THROUGH.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because think about it. I don't know her parents, but you know what was the behavior that she had to endure from her parents when she was growing up was this you know how they treated her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that's a possibility. Yeah, you know, and so not really knowing that aspect or being there for when she was younger. What created this whole you know dynamic in her head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I do know for a fact is that it wasn't Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what you've got to to get to that point and get to that place. You know where you realize that you are not the problem, you were a little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you had no control your life is in the hands of people that said things to you that were horrified that no little girl should ever have to hear ever
Lauren Kelly: And I can, I guess I can accept that and like work on that. But then, like, how do I connect that to the horrible decisions. I mean, as an adult, like those things I'm completely responsible for and like, why couldn't I have turned like
Lauren Kelly: You know those native experiences as a kid to like being really successful in doing good things and in my adult life, like what, why did I have Twitter. It's just been such a fuck up and running everything and like there's no excuse for that you know like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want you to think about what you just said. And think about what I just said to you, this is a pattern that has been developed in your head, since you were a little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This isn't something that just all of a sudden when you started using drugs was there. It was already there. The seed was planted and grew when you were young.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So why would you think that you deserve to anything but crap. Why would you, you know, why would you expect anything good to come into your life. You've been told your whole life that you're worthless.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why would you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You weren't given those tools to do something different, Lauren.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You weren't, you know, the prize, brother.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about that. That's why. And I'm not giving you an excuse or an opt out of, you know, anything I'm saying that it's a core issue. Yeah. Underneath at all. That's a core issue.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what needs to be dug out and healed because when you start healing that stuff from back then you start feeling better about who you are and what you're doing. You're becoming the girl, the woman that you should have always become
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I guess, ages when it comes to like traumatic stuff for me. Like when I went through like a really abusive relationship where like, I almost died a couple of times. Like at his hands like
Lauren Kelly: I had friends tell me like you need to go to therapy for that, like, you'll never have a healthy relationship with the man until you deal with that. And my thought on that was like
Lauren Kelly: I barely survived it the first time, the last thing I want to do is because I relived things when I talk about that I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can't
Lauren Kelly: Just like talk about them and not have the emotion like go there to where I am there in my hair you know and and
Lauren Kelly: It then all of a sudden, I'm having nightmares about it and it's it, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: It's, it's, I don't know if it's easier or better for me to like not talk about that stuff, but like
Lauren Kelly: I but the child said, I feel like I barely like survived it like, you know, I was a little girl like taking a bunch of pills, doing whatever I could to just try to end it. You know what I mean. And and and
Lauren Kelly: I know I just, I'm almost scared to revisit all that because I get in such a dark place. And I've been working so hard to get out in that dark place in the focus on the positive stuff into, like, just go back and focus on all that, like, super dramatic stuff and it scares me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, well of course it does. But you remember this that you and I, we talked about you getting engaged with em Dr therapy, you told me that you weren't ready I agreed. You were absolutely not ready and
Lauren Kelly: You might not your therapy. Again, what was that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Em, Dr.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oz. I'm it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Em, Dr. Okay movement record record. I can't say the last two more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But em dark end or therapy. It really takes you back to the to the event and D tangles the emotions around the event.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And allows for healing, because the way it sits right now right with the things that you're experienced as a child with the abusive relationships, you know, all of the trauma that you've experienced it sits there, think about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think of it like a volcano inside your chest. Okay, so you've got compacted trauma impacted trauma can practice trauma and when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These memories and thoughts and emotions come out. There's a little release and then they settle back down and everything is good for a little bit, something happens catastrophic thinking, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Happens and then boom, it's up again a little bit of release. So every time that you go through this. You're just releasing a little bit out of that volcano out of that volcano, you got to go in there and with a shovel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've got to, you know, say, I'm tired of these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Only me I am better than these things. I am not that person. I didn't deserve that. And you've got to start digging in and healing from that stuff.
Lauren Kelly: But what if I still believe all those things that you just said to say I'm not that person. I don't deserve this. What if I think I am not person. What if I think I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, because I i 100% don't think that you believe that in your core. Because if you really believed that in your core. You wouldn't be doing all these good things that you're doing for yourself right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You. I think that yes, you have a huge attachment to that stuff in the past. And that is a direct effect. So you're thinking about yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But your behaviors are showing something different, your behaviors are saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can matter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can treat myself better I can be with in a healthy relationship and be with somebody that will not hurt me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean by acting in that manner. It's like totally combating what you were taught as a kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are worthy and you will start to believe that you are, you're already acting as if you're beginning to believe that you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But again, it's like learning how to be transparent, learning how to, you know, tell the truth, all the time, even when you make a mistake, being able to say, well, stop.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But that was a process to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to learn how to do these things before you get good at them. Yeah, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A lot of times people in recovery don't even start this process and you know until they're six months to a year in recovery and still can't figure out why.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they feel miserable about themselves, or why they, you know, have done all this work, but yet there's still something in there that's not making them okay with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's why, because you still have strings attached to that little girl, you always have strings attached. That little girl. But right now, they're painful strings. Yeah. What you want to do is is revive her, give her life. Give her love.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The things that she wasn't getting when she was, you know, when in that day. Give her those things that she desperately means because what that does is fill those voids within you. The adult Lauren the adult Lauren feels the effects to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's relieving yeah that makes sense.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I'm just because even this conversation like I'm sad. I'm sad now and like I
Lauren Kelly: But I'm I'm scared of delving into this stuff, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And like not being okay you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so instead of diving into all of it dive into the little girl just start giving her love. First thing, don't, don't do anything else, but just give her love. Give her hugs let her know, You here let her know that you're there, let her know that you know she is a good girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She deserves a good life, you have to start putting positivity into her head into your head. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The. And again, watching these TED Talks taking a little bit of time putting headphones in your head in your ear and just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: being present with what you're hearing, the more that you hear those things. The more that you listen to what other people say, because you're not just going to hear it from one person, you're going to hear it from every, you know, every one that how to heal that little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How to Make her feel better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're feeling put that positivity in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like a great understanding and trying to figure out, you know what and who Lauren is and why she responds and reacts to the way she does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's because of that little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and that's what we want to focus on the rest of it will come later. Later on, yeah. You know, you don't have to dive into the rest of it right now at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just about going back and giving that little girl what she needs to start the process of healing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense
It does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're gonna watch a few TED talks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let me see, where is the this one I want you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Copy this for
Me see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here is the first one that we just looked at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, and, again, is all you have to do in Google is healing the child within
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that will bring up the book and I think it can even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go back. I think you can kind of go through it a little bit. It's not a really big book or anything, but it definitely gives you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See there's previews.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't realize this is what it looks. Looks like I didn't realize what it meant. At first when I first started doing this work and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When it was over with. I couldn't believe how good you know it made me feel. Yeah. So, and you can even the role of stress, the post traumatic stress disorder.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Parental conditions that tend to stifle the child within
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How can we heal or heal the child within beginning to deal with core issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So these are the things right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Excuse me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you want to get you see this
Lauren Kelly: It popped up that like you had sent me an email. But I can't see it. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, all I'm like talking to you, like, you're still sharing my screen.
Lauren Kelly: I can't see that. Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you go to Google and you put in healing the Todd within you'll have you'll get this the book and then you'll, you'll say preview and then you can go in and take a look at some of the chapters and what they're on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And be able to kind of review it a little bit. Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's the start of this healing process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to know that just the very start.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're getting, you know, you're getting you're sober life down pat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're finding happiness.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: have you and I ever came into a meeting together and you said no issues came up this week, a couple little tiny things but that's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty amazing. Don't you think
Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Part of that is because of what you're continually doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And remember when when you refuse to give yourself time because you don't feel well, time to rest time to relax, you're depriving yourself of a basic self care need. By doing that, these are things that you need.
Lauren Kelly: Hey, I guess I'm so like I spent so much time being selfish and just getting nothing done that, like it's just hard for me to wrap my brain around doing that now because I feel like every day needs to
Lauren Kelly: Make Up For so much of the time that I lost you know an everyday needs to have something huge accomplished or
Lauren Kelly: Or it's almost like I feel like I'm living as an addict again because the old attic or would make. I used to always make an excuse for why I want to do something today. Oh, I could do that tomorrow, I can do that next week, I can do that.
Lauren Kelly: You know later. And I tried to kind of flip that mindset of, like, why can't I do this now, you know, and so even if I'm feeling like crap or
Lauren Kelly: You know something's going on, like, I don't give myself that like credit or that room to be like okay with Hey I just feel like crafted and that's okay. It's like
Lauren Kelly: Well, who cares if you feel like crap you didn't feel like crap and you laid around and got nothing done for years. So you don't have time to feel like crap. Now you push through it and get over it and get it done and get together, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And it's just this constant like pressure and guilt and if I don't get so much that I just feel so guilty about it and I feel like I'm going to let Paul down. I feel like I'm gonna let myself down. I just, it's nothing. He's putting on me. It's something I'm putting on myself, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me that you just didn't sound like your mom.
Lauren Kelly: I mean, yeah, maybe a little bit. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the first thing that came inside my head was she sounds like your mom. These are the things that your mom was telling you
Lauren Kelly: Yeah yeah yeah I hear her in my head all the time.
Lauren Kelly: And the negative shit, it will the, I guess. There isn't really anything positive ever so I'm just the constant like negative self talk is that i mean they're almost always verbatim things
Lauren Kelly: That she said to me.
Lauren Kelly: You know that I just, you know, the it nothing good you ever do will matter because of everything bad you die here that 100 times a day, you know,
Lauren Kelly: In it. So yeah, I guess, I guess I do that a lot, and I don't realize what I'm doing now, I must own them as my own, you know, and I think I put there, but they are you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because if they if if to your core Warren, you're really, really honestly believe there's a piece of you and I bet you tend to one. It's that little girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is really helping you act in a manner that you do care for yourself because she wants to heal to, you know, she does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And knowing that knowing that the things that you're that you are repeating in your head negative about yourself or things that you were repetitively told when you were a kid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They are lies just like your disease when it starts talking to you. And there's another key that I want you to know that the longer that you stay in that negative thought process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The more chances your addiction, has to grab ahold of you and make you bad yeah you so by breaking that chain by healing from that stuff you loosen your addictions control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've done everything that exactly the way that you should have you're on top of your game, you're doing things like you're supposed to, you know, you're sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All these things that you've changed. You've got the, you've got to to recognize the good that you've done.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, Friday was my 90 days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's fine. Happy birthday. I know it just is amazing 90 days. Can you believe that
Lauren Kelly: I really can't really can't.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I also want you to realize that you used for eight years you've been miserable since you were a baby, since you were young. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is time, it is time Lauren to find what you're happy looks like and go for it 100% without fear.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, without fear. It is time because you have the rest of your life to live. Yeah, the rest of your life. This was a moment in time, and it's gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That chapter is closed, you were, you were doing exactly what you should be doing to get free and to live a life of sobriety and a life of happiness. Yeah, you're on the right path.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've got more time ahead of you. Thank God, then you do behind you.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that.
Lauren Kelly: Right. I just feel like it's just so much timeless last. It's just so hard to make worry and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god. Quit trying to make up for for a book that's already written and start writing the next chapter in your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Start looking forward to what's coming, the good that you can do with yourself with your relationship for others and you're recovering
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've gotta quit sitting in the past and start focusing on your future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I get a
Lauren Kelly: Voice in me that's like, it wouldn't be like honoring the people are respecting the people that I heard if I didn't
Lauren Kelly: Feel like crap about it and I didn't finish like like I can't just be like, Okay, well, that's the past, you wouldn't like no I hurt people. And, and, like, That's never going to be okay. You know, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then that's never going to be okay. But is it really okay that you're hurting yourself to because you're still hurting people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it's hurting you.
Lauren Kelly: What I that's, you know, for the longest time you when you're using. You don't take accountability. You don't even stop and think.
Lauren Kelly: How you're hurting people. So yeah, now's my time that stop and feel like crap and think about how I've heard people, you know, I feel like that's, that's, you know, I did the crime. I've got to do the time now, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, when do you think your prison sentence might be over with, because we have time to live.
Never
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is absolutely not true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've been in prison for. Let's see, since you were 10 that I know for a fact. Yeah, you know. So now it's time for freedom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it's time to change that thought process.
Lauren Kelly: I just still don't feel like I deserve that I still feel like I have a lot of
Lauren Kelly: Press price to pay. And a lot of times, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, my hope through this process for you watching videos for you, learning how to do things like you're doing and will help alleviate that a little bit more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, as time goes on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just takes time. It does. You've had this thought process ingrained within you. We've got to now pour some, you know, recovery on it and yank those out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean and replant some some good seeds some happy seeds because you deserve it more than, you know, most people, you know, lived a life of. I can't even imagine you know I can't imagine being a 10 year old girl.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And having your parents.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Throw that kind of responsibility on you. It's just not fair. And it's a falsity because I don't know about you, but my higher power. He doesn't work that way.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
It doesn't
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I want you to think about that too, you know.
Lauren Kelly: Really try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're going to watch your videos right you're going to take a look at the book that I suggested you to look at. Try to find it to where you don't have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, buy it but you can review it and you know what I mean. Pay attention to some of the things, and you'll learn so much about yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll learn so much about your thought process and why you think the way you do. Why that catastrophic catastrophic thinking happens. Yeah. Why that internal dialogue goes continually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, you'll learn those things and then when they start happening. You'll say, Oh, I know what this is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, and you'll be able to to stop it from taking you back down that that rabbit hole that you're trying so desperately to get out of
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I just gotta like you said before about like the running thing like that road isn't page. Yeah, I've gotta like hate that road, you know, because the road of like taking. It's all my fault. And I deserve to like beat myself up rapper about it is this move that I know you know
Lauren Kelly: Really like work on the road, I don't know, and building that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you're doing a really good job. I want to tell you that one shell one dirt shovel at a time, you know, you're doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got to give yourself credit for the for the good things that you're doing. You have to. You gotta go love that little girl. Yeah, you know, yeah, just start, start there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just start there, you know, and when you when you find yourself not feeling well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pay attention.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, give your body, mind, spirit, give it what it needs. If it needs to sit down and rest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to give yourself permission to do that. That is quality good self care and that's how your body heals. That's how it your immune system stays up. That's how it fights infection, you know, is by giving it what it needs. Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
It does.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got some homework.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, just listen to what those videos. Say listen to what they're telling you, you might not believe it and that's okay. But the more we talk about it, the more that we start changing that internal dialogue that's been created.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The better you'll start feeling. Yeah, yeah.
Lauren Kelly: I think you're a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To process right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Lauren Kelly: They do the work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll be curious in ages to say here on how you feel afterwards.
Lauren Kelly: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If there's questions that you find or there are things that really hit home with you write them down and we'll talk about them, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through this whole thing. All right.
Lauren Kelly: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wouldn't suggest that if I didn't go through it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and I know that it works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Deal.
Lauren Kelly: Deal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I'm gonna let you go, you're going to have a fabulous week
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to start putting that positive inside your brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're going to let start letting that little girl absorb the way that she should have been talked to, when she was little.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright.
Lauren Kelly: Plan have some stuff to report back to next.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I know you will. Because you are a thinker, you know, definitely.
Okay, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My God, have a great week. I'm so proud of you. I if I was if I could give you a cake. I would give you a cake right now. I'm so proud of you. It's huge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, that's okay.
In right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, have a great week.
Lauren Kelly: YouTube, Rebecca. Thanks so much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'll see you Monday. Okay, all right, but